emit: merece! Pane

bs ms
-} stall:

If your company is

out front, we'll

nelp

keen you there.
lf you're not out front,
we'll help get you there.

Hf research will put your company ohead of the
competition, our Office of Science and Technology (OST)
may be able to provide you with just the information you
need. Let's discuss two OST programs and how they can
help you.

The Pennsylvania Science and Engineering
Foundation (PSEF) and the Pennsylvania Technical
Assistance Program (PENNTAP). PSEF can help initiate
original research in the knowledge areas that are
important to your company’s future. PENNTAP can help
insure your company’s future by locating and giving you
technical information that already exists.

Here's how they work: PSEF is a funding agency. It
gronts ‘'start up"' funds for technical projects in
Pennsylvania which con:

1. Benefit the economy of the State;

2. Help solve urban and environmental problems

and;

3. Attract on-going funding from federal or private

sources.

For example, among 127 recent scientific projects
PSEF has directly funded are: Synthesis of the cancer
treatment drug ‘‘Comptothecin,'' development of o new
Ccopocitor material for a Pennsytvania company which

was hard pushed by foreign competition, thereby
generating sales of $500,000 and maintaining 35 jobs,
and The National Transportation Center, which
coordinates transportation contracts and research
throughout the country. It con even award subcontracts
within the state. So, eventually your company may
directly benefit from a PSEF grant.

Now, let's talk about PENNTAP which provides
technological ond scientific information to business and
to the community. If the information you need exists,
PENNTAP will help you find it. If it doesn’t exist,
PENNTAP will tell you.

Examples of PENNTAP’s help? We've saved one
company $100,000, and another over 300 man-hours
of research.

lurge you to use PENNTAP and to take advantoge
of the research funded by PSEF. Both ore part of our
Office of Science and Technology—helping
Pennsylvania's businesses stay out front.

If you want further information on these programs
or if there is anything else | con help you with, please
contact me at ony time. Write or call Walter G. Arader,
420 South Office Building, Harrisburg, Pennsylvania
17120. Telephone 717/787-3003.

PENNSYLVANIA, THE BICENTENNIAL STATE

MILTON 5 SHAPP GOVERNOR

