Mid-Atlantic Newspaper

Services, Inc. HEVSPAPER
2717 N. Front St., TOA
Harrisburg, Pa. 17110 DATE
TOWANDA, PA. PAGE

Daily Review (m)
Cire. 8,021

| Technical Assistance Center Set Up
At PSU’s Wilkes-Barre Campus -

_Géorge W. Brierly, director of restoration of homes, businesses

Wilkes-Barre Campus of Penn and: industry “ard communities:
State’ University announced: that Comimienting “on: the: free in-
f the. university. has*set:up.: a formation: center; Rob Hare the
n technical assistance center at the local ‘campus assistant ‘director
campus in Lehman: for. continuing education: said,

PENNTAP;.: the. technical “area residents now. have-at their
assistance program organized by disposal a panel of experts
the: Pennsylvania State Tepresenting the. university,
:, University under the direction of building trades and business and
the .. Continuing... Education community trained personnel.
Division, is: an‘ action: program. The’: phone.-number 675-2171
designed to help the’ “little guy’’ ishould be placed in a conspicuous.
throughout the commonwealth. “spot. for immediate: use when: ,
The center: which: willoperate heeded.” °
from: the: Wilkes-Barre-Campus. 7
will deal primarily with technical
assistance to victims in the flood
area “of Wyoming’ Valley and
northeastern Pa:

The service’ which: is: free of
charge willbe available to. in-
it dividuals, small businesses, and
1 industries; seeking technical
e information or advice providing
T possible solutions to problems
+ created by. the recent flood.
e Result-oriented, the service is.
\ designed to giving assistance
=. with the best possible return on
y the dollars spent on restoring or
t rebuilding.

Representatives from
University Park, Wilkes-Barre
Campus and local building trades
will be.- available: to:: answer
inquiries and, if necessary; make
_ onthe spot visits to assist persons
| seeking information’ or: solutions.

Setting up office at the campus
on Monday ‘morning: will be: Dr:
John: L::. Fisher of: PennState
University’s College of Earth and
Mineral : Science, Robert | H.
McCormick a faculty member: in

b the: University’s Chemical
Release No. || Engineering Department, Ed-
-———-1}| ward Yarmiey, executive director
tof Building Contractors
| Association of Wyomi
‘and . Michael Pet
professor of engineering at the
| Wilkes-Barre: campus.

ae TAO

mS OE

eee

wp was

a

hae

aw aU

