NEWSPAPER ALLENTOWN PAPER

TOWN Allent P
DATE Feb. 23, 197?
PAGE
‘Provides Technical. Aid coe a

|
it

Few Aware of Helpful PENNTAP

By GARY MICHOUES |teareed through PENNTAP that; “I would say that over a peri-)gested the client Pkg. fer Bew fee
UNIVERSITY PARK (AP) — there wax a better way to sand! ‘od of time there would not be ajscarch. :
trick today is not tu build a least melat, The A&b Foundry |muitcipality in the state (hat we) «But af: feast theg.koew they
phetler monsetrap, but to find ont ‘now estimates. it ‘is saving! could not help in some way. twere not using Ererey ty
af vomebody else already has, ise 000 pee 9 snet [Marlow declared, inaeilop ‘beiduplicate resotrch tat bad ak
That" f ni plastics manufacturer“ . Isviready heen ‘dove, TOW
iy (that’s the alm of the Per ‘Peo. about to pay $1,000 for a study |pollution control or whatever.” Ineted, ,
gram (FENNTAP), 3 state von- (Wed advised by PE NNTAP that) Here's the way PENNTAP| “That's been the, problem in
‘Ture to wncoyer obscure reporta/the same study’ had already works: the past. This. nation: spent $27
and transtale seieotific Hinge so been. dove. The office takes the nam eof [Dillion im research anddevetop
jeven the smallest business or! ——. Textile machine Co. olen ile Mr ho is. tate pment ser aot and
4 nutnidipallty can find ils needle; Reading md s $20 part on al. ted te wv | PENNTAP S| jUs estimated of. & moy
Tin the haystack of technology.“ frvtting machine, which failed: se full one eld ‘ist "S ihave dees warted in dopli-
i Yet while PENNTAR's free ‘frequently and caused | ex: four full-lime field specialists. leation.” .

te jpensive, shytdowns. PENNTAP| ~The field men analyze the; pepscpap from
{isan tive year, the. prostom applied a Fppage ‘article show joreblems and determine where! ,F © Mt a De as eT Com.

i belict way ‘9. harden the {to go for the answers. “

jas suffered from the maludy ity'*6 & en . imerce art ‘in, National Science:
‘fas ss -~ UNAWATENESS. aa *tmetal part, None has failed ni — ‘We figure there are abouti Foard dat: on. .

: two years ioe.” '146 institutions across the state

member sdvlyary council
tha total cost of ithat ean provide all the tech: nil pane "he weecren wach :

Se $247, 0M We; eat knowiede that can be; " A “
“hene Hound,” said Marlow, yea". is the Gowerner’s
Sete ree Advisory Council aml.

“We're tied to universities, i-the state ingineering ‘ Weandas
‘hraries, private iohoratovies :tion ;

. as ix .compaties — all the tederal and | hae far as 1 know we are the Fs
lat Penn Stute. vere dohiars uf Ris dv istete, e, pelvate ved public ont, iin netina with au:
: P "TAP" added. “There mey %
ow ail busines: are 4, PENNTAP's sources,” he a “Teclonols , delivery ayetent like

Inctivth managers ave (or " : cen on jndustyy, {02 @ fox! of Knowledae that Weithis,” Aieriow said, “President
"pe we fiting "7 to know wae EAL ates that 73; lon't know about, but J’d Sefi-lNixon is propesing the game |

: “I'd like to say we're a howse-! 1
(het word but we're not. Ove This
"Wo. 1 problem fs Inek of pubic. OUT Bregt
ity?” gaid Dr. Roy Marlow, the “t2ht (0 ge!
igh earl perpetual reel aes that pints
Imaecaine who runs PENNT! ved Marius,
‘rom a single, vniopoging 10> spends lax par

iis available,” uvded the io cymes cent of 6 state's 12,900 nitely say we're close to 10 PRE thing vsti but — wr've
aged Marlow, who also hea. 69 enies have benefited: cent! - Ibean doing it for years. ©
nt Sere-ere at Porn. & preicet has been ex-| There have been jnstunees| “The expertise of the nating is

“Stee and puts ie an 260% targets now fielude:when certain technology was Sotiat oie Ungertips, hut people
ane pu * vivania’s 7900 munick lavailatie, Marlow admitied, invean't use WL unless they snove

wart week, a 4
stangtioless, Martaw, a ms Bow Toe. “whdea cave PENNTAP sug-labeut i ie

