Release No.

ee, fe

Ao
es

”
4. 8 ey =

www 8 rece’, ane. |
2 x F rove $t., Harrisburg, Pe. |

yt
é
a
wv
“:
i

RAVER, PENNA,

OR ne

We 2 are currently i in n the midst of a an n infor:

, ite tion explosion. Every second of the day,
ary

7 ay of the year, we produce an aver-
Ly f 2.400 pages of newspapers, text-

pooks, magazines, reports, and other
PM nted materials:. The rate of tech-

"nological advancement is so rapid that the
quently of scientific knowledge is doubl-
ingesery cight years.

Baus ies 2ae is growing far more rapidly

| than cur present capacity-to assimilate it.
This crea 3tes the phenomenon that the sci-

- pyitist and social scientist refer to as tech-

- iogieal lag. It can be described as the ©

} polog which lapses between the devel-

opment of a new technology and its applt-

cation or adoption by the user.

ae ‘tie nu} rescarch and development budget of

%24 billion dollars is being wasted because

- Gie organization is not aware of informa- —
tion that has already been generated by an- |

' other. On an attempt to eliminate this nee-

“less snd costly duplication of effort and to

‘vee the transfer time between tech-

yedevicul immovation or discovery and tech- ,
- aotagical assimilation, a unique service is ©
now available througsent the Com- a
Lo monwealth of Pennsylvai.ia. — 7
The Pennsylvania Tech nical Assistance ,

Pragram | iP] RNNTAP) has developed a
gtate wide non-dupl fatihy technical infor-

_oamation aetwork designed. to assist in the |
-- transfer and application of scientific and |
- to assist the user of the PENNTAP ser- |

_ tyetnolegical informaticn to municipal-
cities, industries, institutions, health

5 agencies, governmental organizations,
cand virtually any other group or organiza- .

tien with concerns of a technical nature.
‘The objectives of this program are two-
fold. Certainly the economic aspects of

such a program are significant at a time
when the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania |

is striving to regain its place of promi-
es “nee as ana lor industrial and economic

a: an
- . ~aAE “
, °

state. ‘Equally important i is 5 PENNTAP’ S

- Ithas been estimated that half of our na- -

desire to bring about a better way ‘of life

for Pennsylvania citizens through the ap-

plication of technology to.problems of en-

vironmental pollution, transportation, and 1

occupaticnal safety.

This program, sponsored by the Penn-
sylvania Department of Commerce and |‘
_ administered as a Continuing Education
Program of The Pennsylvania State Uni-

versity, consists of a number of special

projects to assist in the acquisition, deliv-
ery, and application of technical informa-

tion. Included among these is a library in-
formation system to provide PENNTAP

users with published and existent informa-_

tion on technolo gical problems.

This system utilizes the service of a full- .

time librarian to conduct the literary

ness of technological advances soon after
they are made. In addition, PENNTAP

‘conducts selected workshops and short
courses to disseminate new technological | —
widividials having a

methods to groupe o-

common interest inspecific technical pro- "|: _
cesses, Finally, and perhaps most impor-.
tant is the presence of three full-time tech- —
nically qualified field specialists, all of |.
- whom are faculty members of The Penn- | _

sylvania State University, whose task itis

vices in defining and solving his problems. —

In the past, an organization witha tech- —

-nical problem could contact various sup- —
pliers, investigate the problems them-.
selves, or hire someone to locate the desir-

ed information. By calling in PENNTAP,

it is now possible for the user to have infor-—

mation gleaned from literally billions of

pages of technical articles, journal, re- |
ports, and research data placed at his Sais

- search for relevant information on specif- |

ic technical questions. The ‘‘Sound of . | ~
Progress’ radio broadcasts represent an- |
other attempt to create a greater aware- —

wet nnnertet wt net ee ee

