PENNTAP means progress for a, stare nrecon
vel 1, No.

NOV. 4, 1971

. state’s industry, business

PENNTAP counts amonn its many suc-
cesses the following:

—a Pennsylvania company adopted a
PENNTAP suggestion of switching to the
hobbing process in plastic mold manufac-
turing, thus cutting a 40-60 hour hand
process to five minutes.

—a commercially-produced heat-treating
furnace would have cost 7 manufacturing
concern $150,000 but a iurnace designed
on the basis of specifications provided by
PENNTAP cost only $50,600 and did the
job better.

—a search through the literature avail-
able led to the suggestion by PENNTAP
staff to a Pennsylvania company that it re-
place staintess steel with Inconel in a re-
tort used for heat treating and although
the retort was more expensive, it wilhstood
higher temperatures and lasted longer.

PENNTAP is the acronym for Pennsylva-
nia Technical Assistance Program which,
in a little more than five years, has evolved
into a statewide dissemination network
available to anyone who can apply scien-
tific and technical information to solve
problems not only for economic but for
social benefit.

Before the “Federai-State Technical
Services Act of 1965" established PENN-
TAR, there was little collective effort to
provide services to business and industry
in the Commonwealth although there were
many public and private institutions and
federal programs to give such help. PENN-
TAP provided the means to unite the tech-
nical interests, capabilities and services
that did exist.

Governor William N. Scranton chose
Penn State to administer the program and
the Division of Continuing Education was
handed the responsibility.

“The extent to which an enterprise can
remain effective,” says Dr. H. Leroy Mar-
low, director of PENNTAP, “depends al-
most entirely on up-to-date technology.
Every company, agency and _ institution
must have access to, be able to interpret,
and apply the latest information if it is to
operate successfully.

“Frequently the absence of competent
personnel, the lack of adequate funds or
knowledge of a resource service makes
the acquiring and use ci new technology
an impractical task. We are currently aim-
ing to overcome this handicap by provid-
ing technology transfer on a person-to-per-
son, face-to-face basis through Technical
Field Specialists supported by state and
federal information depositories, universi-

computer applications, etc.; radio, tele-
vision and films as means of transferring
information; the expertise of six univer-
sities in the state with ten industrial scien-
tists combined in the Governor's Science
Advisory Council; regular mailings of per-
tinent abstracts and literature gleaned
from library sources; and others.

Some projects funded initially were mo-
dilied, some were discontinued, and others
continued for more than five years.

Through experience, these facts have
become obvious:

1. Although scientific and technical In-
formation may exist, it isn't necessarily
put to use.

2. The amount of technical information
transferred is directly proportionate to the
amount of person-to-person contact.

3. Between technical information and
the potential user, a middleman translator
is required.

In July of this year, PENNTAP expanded
its activities to include the direction of a
statewide information dissemination net-
work, a staff of technical field specialists
and the coordination between existing
sources of expertise. The network makes
use of Continuing Education’s 23 area of-
fices, making technical assistance avail-
able regardless of where a person lives in
the Commonwealth. The network aids in
the transter and application of scientific
and technical information to municipalities,
industries, and health and governmental
agencies.

Each of the Continuing Education offices
serves as a “receiving station,” so that
anyone needing information about PENN-
TAP calls or writes the nearest office. At
this point the “customer” doesn’t need to
go into detail about his problem but soon
a@ member of the PENNTAP organization
contacts him, determines the nature of the
technical problem, directs it to a unit that
can handie the inquiry most readily. Quali-
fied technical field specialists, who are
members of the University faculty, acquire
problem-solving data, interpret it, and
transter it. Literally billions of pages of
technical information and research data
are thus made available to provide pos-
sible solutions to the problem.

(Robert H. McCormick, professor of
chemical engineering, was recently ap-
pointed a technical field specialist, to tra-
vel extensively, meeting with business, in-
dustrial, and government personnel, help-
ing them to define and solve their tech-
nical problems.)

ties, library systems, private laboratories, ge Inevitably some questions are outside
and governmental agencies." upere the scope of PENNTAP, and these are re-
ties, nore > ental ag! ferred to an organization or individual that
and governmer = PEI can provide the help. No person, PENN-
in othe’ can to hel TAP believes, should be stuck “dead cen-
any thin their ter’ without as much help as it is feasible

“in the early stages 1° QI .

mental dissemination
ted; they we
eh were ex ©
Id function
ore ts included
library tha
ern and centra
to make available to

these projec’
technology
the west

reference materials;

radio prograt

im that ca

ng But PENNTAP does go far afietd to

amin

search for solutions. An engineering firm
involved in a U.S.Aid project in Nigeria
was saved a substantial amount of money
and years of time when PENNTAP learned
that cetyl alcohol, when used to seal pores
in concrete of a dam, does not have a
damaging effect on aquatic plant or ani-
mal fife. The answer was found in a thesis
done by a Colorado State University stu-
