
--- Page 1 ---
STUDENTS AGAINST FIRES Adviser Richard E. Bland (left) and Alpha Fireman William
Arble, technical specialist for PennTAP (right), demonstrate the uses and limitations of existing
fire-fighting equipment to SAF leader William Sickles (5th-mechanical engineering).

Alpha to help studerrts xm mn am-+

2
The Daily Collegian

The Alpha Fire Company, State College’s
volunteer and only fire company, will aid
University students in the Students Against
Fires program.

Students Against Fires, the theme of this
year's Student Competition On Relevant
Engineering, is a project which includes
students from colleges and universities in the
United States, Canada and Mexico. SAF is a
“competition to design and construct in-
novative prototypes of equipment to advance
the state of the art of fighting fires.” The
emphasis of the project is on student-
initiated solutions to problems of fighting
fires and on improved means of prevention.

Bill Sickles (5th-mechanical engineering)’
is in charge of the University’s SAF project.
He said the original 15 categories have been
narrowed down to four for student groups to
work on: detection-extinguishing systems;
personnel package, which consists of
fireman's equipment and apparel; vehicle
design and specialized areas.

Working with the group is Virgil Neilly,
associate professor of engineering. He
comnx nted, ‘The fires we’ve had recently
and the problems they (firemen) have point
out the importance of such a project.”

Alpha Fire Company Chief Ronald Ross
said the company would be “glad to help
them” (the students working on the SCORE
project) and added, ‘There are lots of ways
they can help us, especially on campus in the
dorm areas because of candle burning. There
is a lot of room to make people more cautious

about fires.”

One of the SAF advisers is Richard ©.
Bland, associate professor. of engineering
research and former assistant fire chief of
Alpha Fire Company. Bland was recefitly
named chairman of the President’s Cerm-
mission on Fire Prevention and Contiol.
After researching the problem the Com-
mission will prepare a report’ dutlining the
federal government’s responsibility in fire-
fighting. The group’s other adviser is Walter
S. Gearhart, assistant professor of
engineering.

Most of the funds for the project come from
the College of Engineering Fund, composed
of money dontated by engineering alumni.
The Fund is used for special projects in the
College of Engineering such as the SCORE
project last year — UV Duck — the SAF
project this year, and for loan funds.

The low pollution, low cost UV Duck was
designed for last year’s SCORE project, the
Urban Vehicle Design Competition. The 11-
foot long, five-foot wide car placed 10th
among the 48 vehicles meeting the
requirement of completing 50 miles over an
urban driving course.

A safe and economical feature of the car is
the construction of the energy absorbing
dashboard, which uses beer cans filled with
aluminum cuttings placed behind foam
rubber. .

The final judging of the SAF competition
will be in August by fire-fighting experts.

