NEWS PAPEL

- TORN

DATE
PAGE

Mid-Atlantic Newspaper
Services, inc.
2717 WN. Frond #., Herleburg, Po.
HAZLETON, PA.

MAR 2 © 1972

Standard-Speaker
Circe. 22,920

Ce Tremere

Hosleton Standard-Speaker, ondey, Maras 2 13
Semjnar Will Explore ~~

| Fiéld of Biomaterials,

.¥
UNIVERSITY PARK — The pro-lence Foundation, Wastingtets,D.C.;
cessing, fabrication and marketing|and ‘Spa 3 Parts for Haman

‘of biomaterials—used in the repair| Beings: Opportunities in the De-
jor restoratijn of.parts of the bu-jsign and Development of Bioma-

man_ body--will be explored in & ang 9 .
one-day seminar, “Opportunities iz terials Systems,” David Crimmins,
Giomateriais Technology,” to bejansger, Manufacturing and Pro-

held April 13 in Philadelphia. duct Development, “Smith Kline
Industrial, governmental, and|Surgical Specis¥des, Philadelphia.
university researchers engaged in| Reynik, presetttly on leave from

ipjomaterials studies will discuss|Drexel University, Philadelphia, is

these opportunities within the field/chairman for the seminar. =

of biomaterials technology. The seminar will be heldfat the
ii {Brass Rail Restaurant loctted at

“Metallic Implants — Present and the. Philadelphia International Air-

Future,” presented by Norbert D. port ‘Motel, Industrial . Highway,

Greene, professor Department of|Philadelpiia. meee

Metallurgy, University of Connecti-| it is conducted by the als

and Economics of Bioceramics,” by|cooperation ‘with the Pennsylvania
Larry L. Hench, head professor, Technical Assistance Program,
Ceramics Division, University of|which is administered by Continu-
ing Education at The Pennayty

Florida, Gainesville; ‘Collagen as
State University. :
Further

a Biomaterial,” by Albert.L. Ru-
bin, professor of biochemistry and
surgery, Tne ver York Hospital,

Cornell cal Center, New York; | writing. Ernest M. Hawk, MAP-
“Research Opportunities in Bio- PENNTAP, Coordinator, 102 Ma-
iteciais.”” Red. Reynik, engineer-|terialf Research Laboratory, Uni-
ing materials program, Division of|versity Park, Pa. 16802, or tele-
Materials Research, National Sci- phoning (814) 865-3424.

OT

