
--- Page 1 ---
a

PENNTAP Offers

Pennsylvania has had a working state-wide
information dissemination network for sev-
eral years. The network — Pennsylvania
Technical Assistance Program (PENNTAP)
— is part of a technology application effort
coordinated by the state Department of
Commerce’s Office of Science and Tech-
nology. Other elements of the system are the
Governor’s Science Advisory Committee
(GSAC), which identifies new technology
useful to the state, and the Pennsylvania
Science and Engineering Foundation (PS-
EF), which funds research critical to the
state’s future. PENNTAP is funded by the
state, the National Science Foundation and
Penn State. It is administered by the Penn
State Continuing Education program, with
Dr. H. Leroy Marlow as Director.

4

F

Pa, Technical

i

The service’s first premise is that “the
mere availability of technical information
does not insure its use.” Small businessmen
and municipal officials are often too busy to
keep up with the rapidly growing volume of
information. As a result some research results
never reach those who need them. Moreover,
some money may be wasted in needless du-
plication of research because there is no easy
way of knowing what has already been done.

Time Lag

PENNTAP is designed to transmit up-to-
date information to industries, local govern-
ments, community organizations and others
with specific technical problems. According
to Mr. Floyd Fischer, Penn State’s Vice
President for Continuing Education, “our
whole effort is geared toward shortening the
time lag between a research breakthrough

nformation System

il

Free Technical Information

and its practical application.” Fischer says
the program is unique among the states.

Field Specialists

Those seeking help from the service may
call any of Penn State’s Continuing Educa-
tion offices across the state. The problem is
referred to one of PENNTAP’s four fulltime
field specialists. As members of academic
departments, these specialists can both
answer questions in their own disciplines
and put other questions in technical form.
The specialist determines where to go for an
answer if he does not already know it. Ac-
cording to Marlow, there are about 146 in-
stitutions across the state which can provide
all the technical knowledge that can be
found. He says “we're tied to universities,

(continued on page 5)

VOLUME 3, NO. 3

ki

(continued from pege 4)

libraries, private Jaboratories, companies —
all the Federal and state, private and public
sources. There may be a font of knowledge
that we don’t know absat, but I'd dehaitely
say that we're clave to 160 per cent.”

Lf the problem is very comples, the ques-
Uoner may be ceferred to another inform-
tion source, PENNTAP directors point out
that the service docs net compete with
professional cousulting engineering fis.
Fischer says that “we operate on a rule of
Unanb that df it takes more than four er five
hours, it’s bey oud us.” Li ceses where tech-
nology to solve a problem does mot erist
PENNTAP anas suggest Unat the questioner
contract for the necessary research,

Free Services

Whatever the outcome of the information
search, FENNTAP’s services are free, Capy-
ing aud other charges may be incurred in

securing information from other institutions,
but the questioner is always consulted be-
fore any financial committment is made,

Penn Stale officials are very optiznistic
about PENNTA?’s fonue. Fischer claims
that the state’s $160,060 investment has
achieved documented savings of $961,000 so
far this year for various bulustries. He says
state fegislators ate pleased end heve indi-
cated they will probably double the state’s
contribution.

Fischer wants tv use the mone, to hire
field specialists iu more disciplines since he
believes they have been crucial to PENN-
TAP’s success, “We have found that the
amount of information transferred is directly
proportional to the amount of person-to- per-
sen contact.” (PENNTALD also distibutes
information through conferences ond a five-
yadiu program “Yhe
Sound of Provress.”) En cooperation with the
Institute he will Le employing a professional
an the water resources field.

day-a-week called

