FEBRUARY 1972

JOINS PENNTAP—-Dr. John L. Fisher of the College of Earth and Mineral
Sciences, has been appointed a technical specialist for the Pennsyl-
vania Technical Assistance Program. He has helped develop and super-
vise resident programs for Pennsylvania industry in a broad range of
metallurgical principles and applications. During his 18 years at
Penn State he has made a great deal of contact with Commonwealth
industry, has become familiar to their design and production probiems,
and is aware of their technical needs. Dr, Fisher holds a bachelor

of arts degree in chemistry from Duke University and a bachelor of
science degree in metallurgy from Case Western Reserve University,

and earned his doctorate in metallurgy from Penn State in 1969, He
was engaged in research and development for the Eveready Division of
National Carbide, Thompson Products, Inc., and Westinghouse Electric
Corp., before coming to Penn State. PENNTAP technical specialists
travel extensively throughout the Commonwealth to provide face-to~face
contact in helping to solve technical problems.

AWARD--Ralph E. Thomas, specialist in adult education, Institute of
Public Safety, has received the Leadership Award of the National
Committee for Motor Fleet Training in recognition of his 17 years'

work in developing, promoting, and conducting training courses through-
out the U.S. and Canada for motor fleet men. He has conducted several
hundred courses of a technical nature at more than 50 universities and
other educational institutions for fleet maintenance men and has de-
veloped a maintenance management training program for top fleet
Management men.

OBSOLESCENCE--Dr. Samuel S$. Dubin, Planning Studies, has edited
"Professional Obsolescence,” published by the English Universities
Press, Ltd., a series of papers given at a symposium at Cambridge,
England, in 1970, under the auspices of the Scientific Affairs Division
of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization,

The symposium brought together both Europeans and Americans concerned
with the subject of professional obsolescence. Dr. Dubin was co-
director of the symposium and presented a paper on "Motivational
Factors in Professional Updating." ‘ ,

MR. WIERMAN DIES-~Allen E. Wierman, who retired Jan. 1, 1962, as
assistant supervisor of Correspondence, died recently in Norristown
where he had resided for some time. Mr. Wierman, who was affiliated
with Penn State for 25 years, was a graduate of Carnegie-Mellon Univer-
sity and did graduate work at the University of Pittsburgh and Penn
State, While on the Correspondence staff he introduced correspondence
courses into high schools of Pennsylvania to enrich curriculums and
equalize educational Opportunities; wrote the first insurance corres~
pondence courses offered by colleges to enable students to become
insurance agents or brokers; compiled a widely used booklet, "The
Mechanics of Correspondence Instruction"; inaugurated a citizenship

Published monthly; deadline for news items is the 25th, Send items to Information .
Office, 505 J, Orvis Keller Building, University Pork, Pennsylvania 16802. 865-6587,

