
--- Page 1 ---
Mid-Atlantic Newspaper
Services, Inc.
4717 N. Front St.,
Harrisburg, Po. 17110

WILKES-BARRE, PA.

Record (m) 26,262
Times-Leader-News (e
54,840

AUG-1 2 We-

Seine Records
Must Be Saved|

Heat Methods May -|
Help Salvage Job

The mest important question
Pennsylvanians left in the wake
of Huricane Agnes should con-}
sider when faced with the task of
reclaiming Gamaged records is,'
should the material be saved? °

jin the case of news print, the;
formation System for the Penn. 1eve!se side will not bleed’
sylvania Technical Assistance througi to appear on the dupli-
Program (PENNTAP).now is C@led copy. |
the time indiviauals should weed  Microfilming also can be uti-
out unwanted files. “Most peo.'lized to reproduce wet recerds,|
ple don’t have the time or money, bowever, the originals would}
to save everything or to follow have to be kept until the film was

nett, in charge of the Library In-

storing damaged materials.” j posure. :

In the case of bound material,| The restoration of bound mate-
the cost of saving them exceeds| "13! can be quite involved. Tf they!
their replacement, cost, unless are records, it is advisable to re-|
of course, they are ‘rreplaceable. Ove the covers and separate,

There ate, however, records the pages one by one. Most bound,
which must be saved and Venetti material on drying, will stick to-
offers these suggestions: isether, especially if the paper

covtains a starch sizing.

‘Tf records are wet but noti Tz an attempt is made to sal-;
dirty, they can be dried by vari-}vaze a book, wax paper should.
lous heat sources such as inér io .
red lamps, hair dryers and ovens
set at low temperatures. One of
the best ways to dry material is|diying, will contain mildew and
to use a photographic print'fungus and will have to be fumij
dryer. The large ones are con-! vated.
tinuous belt-fed. A resourceful "Since all damaged material
company put all their wet rec-/has been exposed to contaminat-
lords in a hay drying barn. ed river water and poses a po-
If records are dirty, they/tential health hazard, health|
should be cleaned in fresh water| safety should be taken into con-|
and then dried as previously sideration, The handier should
stated. either wear rubber gloves or be

Another method of salvaging|protected by a tetanus shot.
records is to use photoduplication| any mold that has formed on
equipment, The wet papers canjdried material should not be
be placed on the copy glass, the|brushed off in a closed room a4
copy made, and then discarded.,mold spores would spr!
Even torn material, when tem-other material. If possibley“re-
orarily rejoined on the copylmove the mold in the gpén a

Most books, even after

According to Anthony “I. ‘Ve. glass, can be duplicated. Except!

1

standard library practices in reprocessed to insure correct eX) mere light and heat will deresd|
g

the spores,

Where there is a danger of}
arid having been present in the
lood water, which can deterior-
ate material in a shorter than
normal period of time, informa-
tion on deacidifying can be ob-i
tained by contacting the nearest!
Penn State Continuing Education
office, or PENNTAP, 501 J. Orvis
a put between each page to aj-|Keller Building, University Pars,
drving, If not. the pages may/Pa. 16802, telephone:

0427.

1
1
i

(814) B85-

Mid-Atlantic Newspaper

Services, Inc.
2717 N, Front St.,
Horrisburg, Pa. 17110

JOHNSTOWN, PA.

Tribune-Democrat
fire. 60,137

oii SS
Center Aids *
Flood Victims

LKES-BARRE =_.
pevsonnel at the Wilkes-Barre :
Campus of the Pennsyivania |
State University are helping <
flood victims in many ways

A technical assistance
center has been established at
the campus under the
Pennsylvania Technical
Assistance Program
(PENNTAP?). the statewide
scie tnd technical
information dissemination
network administered by the
Continuing Education
Division of the university.

The service

without charge
businesses, and industries

wing technical information
eesolve problems created by
the flood. Result-oriented. 1
is designed to give assistance
with the best possible return
on dollars spent on restoring

“ang_rebuilding,, .

is available |
fo indwiduals. «

