ERE: PAGE 58

BUSCAIPPS — HOWARD

WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1971 (REPRINT)

State Puts Technology
Af Little Firms’ Fingertips

By WILLIAM H. WYLIE
Precs Business Editor

Technology maxes the wheels of in-
dustry go round; it is the formula for
corporate success.

Big corporations generate their own
technology. Nobody worries about the
Gulfs, the PPGs, U.S. Steels, Alcoas or
the Westinghouses. Their research labs
keep them abreast of modern science.

Bat what about the “little guys,” the
smaller companies that can’t possibly fit
research into their budgets?

They turn to PENNTAP, of course.
That is if they ever heard of PENNTAP,
which stands for Pennsylvania Technical
Assistance Program.

Established by the Federal-State
Technical Services Act of 1965, PENN-
TAP is a collective effort to provide
services to business and industry in the
commonwealth.

A company that makes plastic molds
switched to the ‘‘hobbing process,” re-
ducing a 40to-50-hour hand process to
five minutes, thanks to a PENNTAP
suggestion.

A commercially-produced heat-treat-
ing furnace would have cost a manufac-
turer $150,000, but a furnace designed on
the basis of specifications provided by
PENNTAP cost only $50,000 and was
more efficient.

The services are available to anyone
who can apply scientific and technical
information to selve problems for eco-
nomic or social benefit.

Before the 1965 legislation was passed,
there was little collective effort to pro-
vide technical help to business and indus-
try in the state. However, many public
and private institutions were churning up
technical information on their own.

PENNTAP has built a network among

these technical services. It has generated
an exchange of information.

Gov. William N. Scranton chose Penn-
sylvania State University to administer
the program. The responsibility landed in
the lap of the Division of Continuing
Education.

Dr. H. Leroy Marlow, director of
PENNTAP, described its objectives this
way:

“The extent to which an enterprise
can remain effective depends almost
entirely on up-to-date technology. Every
company, agency and institution must
have access to, be able to interpret, and
apply the latest information if it is to
eperate successfully.

“Frequently the absence of competent
personnel, the lack of adequate funds or
knowledge of a resource service makes
the acquiring and use of new technology
an impractical task.

“We are currently aiming to over-
come this handicap by providing technol-
ogy transfer on a person-to-person, face-
to-face basis through technical field spe-
cialists supported by state and federal

information depositories. universities, ii-
brary systems, private laboratories and
government agencies.”

In other words, PENNTAP will tap all
available sources to get informatiun for
someone.

Penn State's 23 continuing education
offices serve as “receiving stations” and
are key cogs in the information network.
Anyone needing information should write
or phone the nearest office.

A company should keep its original
inquiry simple. There’s no need to get
technical because a PENNTAP repre-
sentative will contact the firm later for
Getails.

In doing its job, PENNTAP has made
these discoveries:

Although scientific and technical
information may exist, it isn’t necessari-
ly put to use. :

The amount of technical informa-
tion transferred is directly proportionate
to the amount of person-to-person con-
tact.

Between technical information
and the potential user, a middleman or
translator is required.

PENNTAP, of course, is trying to do
something about this.
