NEWSPAPER Centre Daily Times

TOUN State College
DATE August 19 1972
PAGE

Papers Reclaimed
From Flood Water
May Decay Faster

i
‘Valuable: Papers. reclainied| trom flood: waters, he: bases: hig!
‘om flood: Waters may: not: he-as opinion. on findings’ that Support
fe as: Penn S¥-Fvandalthe twenty-five:year life spaniof
‘homeowners might think," gays acid-based: paper: and the: more
Anthony J: Vénett. technical in: than. three-hundred-year life
/imation specialist for the Span of acid-free-baseg paper,
(Pennsylvania Technical Assist." €° majority: 6f paper stock
vance Program: (BENNTAPBY car: produced:.today: is acid-based.
ter having researched the ‘sub.|The process. is: less expensive
Ject, he finds there is a great |thus. explaining the:-higher pro-
need for further laboratory re. duction: quantity, Mr. Venett
Search ahd concern: o1Said, : :

Possible: deterioration Of paper|-. Information on” deacidifying
exposed ‘to flood waters polluted| can: be: obtained by: contacting
with “acid mine drainage, ‘could|the Penn State: Continuin g
be: serious; he believes.“ senior Education: office,’ or PENNTAP,
assistant librarian oat ot heis0r-d: Orvis Keller Bldg:; -'365-/
University library, Mr. Venett 0427.

Said that one 6f the biggest: an
culprits: to his profession is acid:
based paper,

Anyoné who has had Valuable
papers éxposed to flood Waters
should keep a close watch ‘on
these papers in future years. he
Said, and-<at. ‘the first. sign “of
deterioration, request replace- |
ments oF make duplicate copies.
Insurance policies, birth and
lmatriage _ certificates, “stocks,
i bonds: chouse deeds.” and: other!
legal documents ‘will’ be reissued
jupon request: to the instance
ycompany, bank: or other: agency
holding “the ‘original document,
Mr. Venett said: =

Personal ‘papers such as: let-
ters: Can be duplicated: with
| photocopying facilities. ‘The’ ser-
vices of an expert will he: ‘pe.
quired to deacidify those papers
Jon bound books which cannot be
copied or replaced: ‘The librarian
Said that some printed materials
could deteriorate within ten 15
years, 2

Since no’ studies have been
published: on: the ‘life Spar of
acid-based paper exposed to: acid |

Kelease No,

