5
f

4 The-CENTRE DAILY TIMES, STAT

[Including $100,060 Grant: j

niversity Wins Funds

| ane
‘ wU
For P Research
“OF FrOgrams, KAesearcn
| The Pennsvivania Department| Three stants have been madejof researc. by Dr. N. L
of Commerce has allocated to the College of Medicine, Hartwig, assistant professor of
1§500.600 to provide matching Hershey. by the U.S. Public weed science.
ifunds lor the administralion and, Health Service. They include: =| Phizer Laboratories Division
« Coordination of the Pennsylvania’ A renewed grant of SG4.829 innas granted — $3,000 fora
‘Technical Assistance Program Support of University an d'tehavioral madel by Dr. Peter
at the University, directed by H. delivery of community health!D, Bennett, professor and head
LeRoy Marlow. care. Dr. G. T. Harrell. dean of of the Department af Marketing.
Other recent gifts and srants:the College. is to charge: The Pennevivania Heart
lo the University, chiefly fort 4 grant of $21.12? in support Of Association has granted $1.980 in
e : A ocialion has granted $1,980 i
research, amount to $223.478. research by Dr. C. W. Bardin, support of research by Dr. T. M.
The (ood ssvervision program. associale professor of medicine: Gollis, assistant professor oi
[directed by M. Colleen McCann.‘and a grant of $6,608 in support ‘biology.
rassistant professor of hotel andof studies by Dr. R. J. Duke University has granted
institution adevinistralion, has Hildebrandt of the department 57 509 in support of the Junier
‘the support of a 20.000 stant of obstetrics and gynecology. ‘Science and Humanities Sym-
{rom the State Department of A grant of $2,000 has been. oosium directed by Dr. HH.
Education. * Made by the American Seymour Fowler, professor of
| The Office of Air Programs of. Mushroom Foundation in support equcatios.
the Environmental Protectionicl research being conducted Huntingdon Area Schools have
Agency has provided $18.959 in.throuch the office of Dr. W. Tigranted “$17,875 for a Waiaine
Support of air poliution research. Thomas. associate dean for:program — for paraprofessionai
Idirected by Dr. W. J. Moroz. Iresearch in the College of school aides. directed by Dr. D.
The Agricultural Research iAgricukture. _ iL. Pelers, assistant professor oi
Service of the U.S. Department: Velsicol Chemical Corporation }human development in the Cen-
jof Agriculture has granted has made a $600-contributicn in ler for Human Services
$26.845 for work which will be'support of research directed by Development.
directed by Dr. G. P. Pztil. pro-.Dean Adquith, professor of en-| A grant of $2,300 from the
fessor of mathematica ltitomology at the Fruit Research,Association of American
‘statistics, and Dr. P. E. Dress. Laboraty in Arendtsville. . \Geoaraphers, Commission on
jassistant professor of forestry! Geigy Agricultural Chemicals:Geouraphy and Afro-America,
jand Statistics. thas contributed $300 in Supportjhas been made to provide vi-
— 7 remem n= pend support for a Student for
the academic year 1971-72.
Procter and Gamble Company
has supplemented = an un.
. restricted grant to the derart--
ment of chemical enginecrins
with a grant of $900 to provice
tuilion for a Fellow to be suo-
Ported by the grant. Dr. Lc.
Eagleton. professor of chemica!
engineering, is head of the
department. . :

.
a

