
--- Page 1 ---
NEVSPAPER Centre Daily Times

TOLN Bellefonte, Pa
7

Pn Covm eke s
File,

9 10/9) The CENTRE DAILY TIMES, STATI

Will Travel Extensively:

JA. McCormick Appointed
Specialist for PENNTAP |

and possesses a broad
imowledge of the mutual in-
terests of the academic and in-
dustrial communtties,

A graduate of Penn State with
the bachelor ‘of science and

professor of ch
ing, at the Unive
known to. Pennsyh

‘tor the Pennsyl master of seiene® degrees, Mr.
| Assistance Program, (PENN. MeCormick spent a number of
TAP), A years in chemieal and chemical

The joint announcement ‘ was
made today by Dr, Nunzio J.
‘Palladino, dean of the College of
\Engineering, arid Floyd B,
Fischer, creator of Sontincing F

ngineering research at the
University, having jeined the
faculty in 1935. He has directed,
or co-directed more fhan 50 ad-
vaneed degree theses and served

vedueation. as academic adviser for all
A eontbi * senior chemical engineering stu-

sylvania dents for the past 12 years. He

meree, also has been a ecogsultant for:

departme many industrial companies and

rand adh governmental agencies.

tinving Mr. McCormick has been ac-

tive also in many tecal and
statewide civic organizations.’
He was president in 1969-70 of.
the Pennsylvania Division of the,
| American Cancer Society and is
past state president of the
Benevolent and Protective Order

a state-w:
‘transfer and» application of
jseientific apd technical in-
‘formation to murticipalities, in-
‘dustry, and health agencies
‘within Penngylvania. Through
‘the program, Hterally billions of

‘pages of published research and ROBERT MCCORMICK of Elks in Pennsylvania,

other data are placed at their Sadana | Elected a fellow im the
‘disposal, providing possible) American Tastitule of Chemists
‘Robles, eens aa is a member of the American|
: Mr. McCormick, who con- Chemical Society, American
tintes as professor of chemical’ Institute of Chemical Engineers,
‘engineering at Penn State, will! American Society for Engineer.
itravel extensively, meeting with, ing Education, Technical
Iment’ personel, ‘helping them Payer Industry, Sigma “Xi
ment persohie) elping them pt HSER» ER ’
define and solve, their technical honorary scientific society, and
problems through: the vast store ‘Phi Lambda Upsilon, honorary
of technological information, He chemistry society.

has had extensive trairing in the
professional needs of industry

kelease No.

