oT
AST 4

October 11, 1971 DON'T FORGET THE COP MEETING OCTOBER 4a, 1971

ADMINISTRATION

eee NE

Published weekly as another instructional service of the Allegheny Council through financial support
by parlicipating schools of the Council. Schools which are not members are invited to join in this edu-
cational cooperative which benefits the schools, the cormmunity, the home, and business and industry.

OR RI I

SERVICE TO COMMUNITIES AND INDUSTRY. VIA PENN STATE

Making Pennsylvania a better place to live and work by applying existing technology
to serve the community, the Commonwealth, and industry is the new thrust of the
Pennsylvania Technical Assistance Program.

PENNTAP, according to its director, Dr. H. LeRoy Marlow, was begun five years ago
with sexvice to industry as its primary goal, and with prospective "clients"
referred to various institutions of higher learning, libraries, and other facilities
for the information they sought.

“Wow, Dy, Marlow explained, "PENNTAP has established a statewide, non-overlapping
technical information network to assist in the transfer and application of scientific
technical information to municipalities, industries, health agencies, governmental
organizations, and others." PENNTAP is sponsored by the Pennsylvania Department

of Commerce and administered as a continuing education program of The Pennsylvania
State University.

Acquisition, interpretation, and transfer of problem-solving data will be accomplishec
by several full-time, technically qualified members of the Penn State faculty.
Through this program, facets gleaned from Literally billions of pages of technical
information and research data will be placed, free of charge, at the user's disposal,
providing possible solutions to existing problems, Dr. Marlow said.

An example of the type of social and. economic benefit that could be derived through
the new system would be to correct an industrial plant's discharge of pollutants.
PENNTAP, through existing knowledge, could provide information to correct the
situation, thus solving the industry's problem and at the same time helping to improve
the community's environment.

To receive technical information, a client requests PERNTAP services through any of
the 23 Penn State Continuing Education district offices throughout the Commonwealth.
Upon receiving an inquiry about PENNTAP services, the district office will secure the
individual's name, address, and telephone number, and assure him that his inquiry
will receive prompt attention. The office receiving the inquiry will immediately
forward it to the PENNTAP office at University Park Campus where it will be processed
by the staff.

A-member of the PENNTAP organization will contact the inquirer, determine the nature
of the problem, and direct it to an existing unit which can most readily handle the
problem. The response, for example, might consist of printed technical information in
response to a specific question, it might be a referral to a consultant, manufacturer,
stabe-ageney,—ox_it might yeasire avisit—by one—of-the technical field specialists

