NEWSPAPER PSU STAFF BULLETIN

TOWN University Park, Pa.
DATE October, 1971
PAGE

PENNTAP~-Two technical field specialists have been appointed for the
Pennsylvania Technical Assistance Program. The specialists, Robert H.
McCormick and Grant R. Brown, will travel extensively to meet with business,
industrial, and government personnel, helping them define and solve their
technical problems through the vast store of technological information
which PENNTAP has at its disposal.

Mr. McCormick, who continues as professor of chemical engineering, has had
extensive training in the professional needs of industry and possesses a
broad knowledge of the mutual interests of the academic and industrial
communities.

A graduate of Penn State with bachelor of science and master of science

degrees, Mr. McCormick spent a number of years in chemical and chemical

engineering research at the University and in 1949 joined the faculty of
the Department of Chemical Engineering.

Mr. McCormick's memberships in professional societies include the American
Chemical Society, American Institute of Chemical Engineers, American Society
of Engineering Education, Technical Association of the Pulp and Paper
Industry, Sigma Xi honorary scientific society, and Phi Lambda Upsilon
honorary scientific society.

Mr. Brown is a graduate of the University of Missouri at Rolla, with a
bachelor of science degree in mining engineering. He has also studied at
che pniversity of Tulsa, West Virginia University, and West Virginia State
ollege.

Prior to coming to Penn State, Mr. Brown was an industrial engineer with
Union Carbide. He has also been a field engineer, marketing representative,
and mining engineer. ° He is a member of the American Institute of Mining
Engineers, Mining, Electrical and Mechanical Maintenance Association, Coal
Mining Institute of America, and American Mining Congress.

TRANSFER--Philip C. Bower, who had been assistant director for continuing

education at Swarthmore, is now area director at the Williamsport Office.

Michael Mezack, who had been in that position before taking leave to work
on a graduate degree, is now with Planning Studies, and Bernard L. Downey,
area representative at Williamsport, has resigned.

Release No.

