
--- Page 1 ---
funds which individual members bring to it. It is evident that the Council is a major
contributor to the high level of PENNTAP’s success.

PENNTAP provides business, industry, public and governmental agencies and
individuals access to its services. Inquiries are generally received by telephone or
by correspondence via the University’s Continuing Education offices located at
Commonwealth Campuses and elsewhere. Telephone and correspondence
inquiries are also received directly through PENNTAP’s home office located on the
main campus of the University. Requests for technical assistance, when correctly
identified or isolated, are referred to the appropriate Technical Staff member.
When a problem crosses more than one area of expertise, two or more members
work in concert. The Technical Staff makes on-site visits and reviews the problems
with the client.

It was evident to the Review Team that the current members of the Technical
Staff are a highly dedicated, capable, and resourceful group. They represent a
variety of disciplines and can function individually or as ateam. They work in close
harmony with the Vice President for Continuing Education, with the Director of
PENNTAP, with the various academic and research units of the University, with
the Commonwealth Campuses, and with other related agencies and organizations
within the Commonwealth.

The addition of more specialists, representing other fields of expertise, would
enhance PENNTAP’s capability in meeting additional requests. It is possible that
PENNTAP’s success may adversely affect its future if it remains at its present level
of staffing while demand continues to grow as it has during the past several years.
Thus, consideration should be given to an increase of the Technical Staff if at all
possible.

Relationships with Government: Within the Commonwealth, the principai units
responsible to the Governor for the application of science and technology are the

Car ;

err; ae a 5 ® =
ao Fe a? “3 ° ty . a # . wae 2
as ae z re . ca «get ‘ oe toe vote eS
; ae 1 ° a foe, * * ee <7 hg
¥ . 7 es ele ot te se §,
. oo, oe . : ey sf
a ‘ . ww 2? “ cen age en
. - - * ten

ey a

4%
we

a ty os er ree
rere ey eotera

aoe’

an ‘

